Handbook editor pass - Product (#5153)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/product.md

- The feature flag must be disabled by default.
- The feature flag will not be permanent. This means that the individual who decides that a feature flag should be introduced is responsible for creating an issue to track the feature's progress towards removing the feature flag and including the feature in a stable release.
- The feature flag will not be advertised. For example, advertising in the documentation on fleetdm.com/docs, release notes, release blog posts, and Twitter.

Fleet's feature flag guidelines was borrowed from GitLab's ["When to use feature flags" section](https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/product-development-flow/feature-flag-lifecycle/#when-to-use-feature-flags) of their handbook. Check out [GitLab's "Feature flags only when needed" video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DQaGqyolOd8) for an explanation of the costs of introducing feature flags.

## Competition

We track competitors' capabilities and adjacent (or commonly integrated) products in this [Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Bqdui6oQthdv5XtD5l7EZVB-duNRcqVRg7NVA4lCXeI/edit) (private).

## Slack channels

> These groups maintain the following [Slack channels](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/company#group-slack-channels):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This group maintains the following [Slack channels](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/company#group-slack-channels):
```
